W-19704481-add-Agent-Fabric-authoring-content-mk (#504)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/af-define-your-agent-network-specification.adoc

= Define Your Agent Network Specification

After you create your agent network project, configure `agent-network.yaml` and `exchange.json` to reflect your business needs.

> Let MuleSoft Dev Agent help you configure your agent network specification. Just click the agent icon image:af-acb-dev-agent-icon.png["MuleSoft Dev Agent icon"] in the Anypoint Code Builder activity bar. The agent will prompt you for information about your agent network, including the brokers, agents, MCP servers, and LLMs you want to connect. MuleSoft Dev Agent does the rest.

Reviewer: If you have time, look at the style guide regarding the "permission verbs" such as "let", allow", etc.

**Suggested Prompts**

* Help me build an agent network configuration for my Employee Onboarding project.
* Scaffold my agent network project.
* Revise my Employee Onboarding agent network project. Use OpenAI for the LLM.
* Add a new broker for employee offboarding to my HR agent network.
* Add a new skill to Offboarding broker.

> If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, edit agent-network.yaml and exchange.json to define your agent network and authentication. The agent-network.yaml file can contain definitions for one or more brokers. For authentication, you'll need your client ID and secret from your connected app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use MuleSoft Dev Agent, edit the `agent-network.yaml` and `exchange.json`files to define your agent network and authentication. The `agent-network.yaml` file can contain definitions for one or more brokers. For authentication, you need your client ID and a secret from your connected app.
```

> If your agent network references Anypoint Exchange assets, you'll need to use the asset IDs in exchange.json to add references in agent-network.yaml. To understand sections of the project files and expected values, see Reference: Agent Network Project Files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your agent network references Anypoint Exchange assets, you need to use the asset IDs in exchange.json to add references in the `agent-network.yaml` file. To understand sections of the project files and expected values, see Reference: Agent Network Project Files.
```

Reviewer: (Globally) Review the use of future tense in our style guide.

== Add Exchange Assets to Your Agent Network Project

> Have existing Exchange assets you want to leverage in your agent network? No problem. Just add your Exchange assets to the dependencies attribute in exchange.json in your project. After you add assets, edit agent-network.yaml to indicate which brokers use those assets.

Reviewer: (Globally) This tone seems to be more conversational, similar to the one used in Trailhead. You may want to review the tone on these files.
